API, HUGE: rework "resolution" and follow the consequences (#58)
bids-standard/pybv: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
~~~~~~~~~

> - Passing a "greek small letter mu" to the ``unit`` parameter in :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` instead of a "micro sign" is now permitted, because the one will be automatically convert to the other, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#47 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/47>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passing a "greek small letter mu" to the ``unit`` parameter in :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` instead of a "micro sign" is now permitted, because the former will be automatically convert to the latter, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#47 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/47>`_)
```

Bug
~~~
- Fix bug where :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` did not properly deal with commas in channel names and non-numeric events, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#53 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/53>`_)
- Fix bug where :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` would write a different resolution to the ``vhdr`` file than specified with the ``resolution`` parameter. Note that this did *not* affect the roundtrip accuracy of the written data, because of internal scaling of the data, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#58 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/58>`_)

API
~~~
- :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts keyword arguments only. Positional arguments are no longer allowed, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#57 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/57>`_)
- In :func:`pybv.write_brainvision`, the ``scale_data`` parameter was removed from :func:`pybv.write_brainvision`, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#58 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/58>`_)

> - In :func:`pybv.write_brainvision`, the ``unit`` parameter no longer accepts an argument ``None`` to automatically determined a unit based on the ``resolution``, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#58 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/58>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In :func:`pybv.write_brainvision`, the ``unit`` parameter no longer accepts an argument ``None`` to automatically determine a unit based on the ``resolution``, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#58 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/58>`_)
```
